hi chef Roger we're about to make some
compound butter this was going to be
seasoned with garlic parsley salt and
pepper that's it the measurement to be
exact
110 gram of butter 2 cloves of garlic 1
tablespoon of parsley has been chopped
same with the garlic you chopped it some
salt and pepper you use columbaria to
season your food for example if you're
making a great steak and you don't want
to put any sauce with it but just a nice
piece of butter on top of it you could
season that better with different
ingredient and then those flavor when
this passed on to your heart steak
it could be a piece of fish to a piece
of poor chicken instead quick to make
easy to stop and usually it released a
lot of flavor again to them a flavor
we're using into it yeah you can pass it
so to make it you take some butter and
you cube it and then you will add your
chopped ingredient to it here's my
parsley
here's my garlic I'm gonna season a
little bit of slope touch of salt and
some fresh ground pepper then I'm going
to take my spoon and I'm going to mix
everything together we might spoon this
way nicely he's gonna stop it up and
everything is gonna make mix well
together
then I will shape it as a lord so I can
slice nice your slices after all of it
so much that actually I'm gonna use that
compound butter me to make some snails
here are some beautiful snails and I'm
going to tuck those snails with some of
that butter and then put it in the oven
and I'm gonna leave a feast out of that
that's dinner tonight okay everything is
mixed well see now I need to shape it to
do that I'm going to take a piece of
parchment paper but I have you I'm going
to put the garlic right here on top of
it going to fold the bottom and paper
over it and then with my hand I'm gonna
press it this way I'm pressing it like
that
see create a lot you could use our soul
and it stands it like this one which is
a pastry scraper and you just press it
like that
nicely and this is your compound butter
here has been pressed now I'm going to
put that in my fridge for a good thirty
minutes I will say EB out and I could
slice it and use it again onto my grill
proteins oh here for some snails you
could make a very nice cream sauce with
that - if you were to simmer a little
bit of chicken stock add a little bit of
that to it and finish it with some cream
it be beautiful not saying is the most
healthy sauce but it's pretty good thank
you for watching how to make a nice
comment below and let me know if you
like it bye